if you can read this, you have a basic knowledge of frequency analysis and or
are Xust good at guessing. 
anyways here's some text to fool with you.
in graph
theory, kuratowski's theorem is a mathematical forbidden graph characteriSation of planar graphs, named after kaSimierS kuratowski.
 it states that a finite
graph is planar if and only if it does not contain a subgraph that is a subdivision of the complete graph on five vertices or of the complete bipartite graph on six vertices,
 three of which connect to each of the other three, also known as the utility graph.misra and gries describe a polynomial time algorithm for coloring the edges of any graph with delta plus one colors,
 where delta is
the maximum degree of the graph. that is, the algorithm uses the optimal number of colors for graphs of class two, 
and uses at most one more color than necessary for all graphs. 
their algorithm follows the same strategy as viSing's original proof of his theorem: it starts with an uncolored graph, 
and then repeatedly finds a way of recoloring the graph in order to increase the number of colored edges by one.
more specifically, 
suppose that uv is an uncolored edge in a partially colored graph. the algorithm of misra and gries may be interpreted as constructing a directed pseudoforest p 
(a graph in which each vertex has
at most one outgoing edge) 
on the neighbors of u: for each neighbor p of u, the algorithm finds a color c that is not used by any of the edges incident to p,
 finds the vertex q (if it exists) for which edge uq has color c, and adds pq as an edge to p. 
 there are two cases:if the pseudoforest p constructed in this way contains a path from v to a vertex w that has no outgoing edges in p, 
 then there is a color c that is available both at u and w. recoloring edge uw with color c allows the remaining edge colors to be shifted one step along this
path: for each vertex p in the path, edge up takes the color that was previously used by the successor of p in the path. this leads to a new coloring that includes edge uv.
if, on the other hand, the path starting from v in the pseudoforest p leads to a cycle, let w be the neighbor of u at which the path Xoins the cycle, let c be the color of edge uw, 
and let d be a color that is not used by any of the edges at vertex u. then swapping colors c and d on a kempe chain either breaks the cycle or the edge on which the path Xoins the cycle,
 leading to the previous case.in an unpublished technical report, gabow et al. claimed a faster time bound for the same problem of coloring with delta plus one colors.
 for this question all you need to do is to make a file that prints kuratowski.